Senior Backend Developer
Job description
Looking for a meaningful experience in a fast-growing tech company with a human-centric approach? Join our amazing team to help grow the world’s most popular apps and games.


Who we are?

AppTweak is the leading App Store Optimization (ASO) tool - think SEO but then for the app stores. AppTweak empowers 1,600+ mobile leaders - such as Amazon, Jam City, Yelp, and Adobe - to grow their apps and games with actionable insights in a simple interface.

Launched in 2014, AppTweak has grown to a team of more than 75 people with offices in Brussels, San Francisco, Tokyo and Bengaluru. In April 2021, AppTweak raised a $22 million investment in series B funding. We’re gearing up for fast growth and are looking for ambitious individuals to join our team.




We are looking for an amazing Senior Back-end to join our joyful team to skyrocket our projects in 2022 and beyond!



About the Role

To help us bring AppTweak to the next level, you will work closely in a small multi-skilled team responsible for part of the AppTweak tool and infrastructure.

As a Senior Back-end developer, we expect you to have a strong understanding of the current tech environment and help us make the right decisions by understanding business requirements and translating these into strong scalable systems.

Once the technical design is complete, we expect you to take part in the implementation with the rest of your team. Your focus will be to:

Architecture and build scrapers and ETL pipelines that ingest the data that power AppTweak
Architecture and build API's that make those data available
Monitor and optimize our message queue systems
Monitor and optimize our infrastructure
Technologies we use

Our SAAS product is a Ruby on Rails application serving a React Single Page Application.
Our scrapers and crawlers get their tasks from SQS queues and store data in a mix of MySQL, Redshift, MongoDB, PgSQL, and Elasticsearch databases. They are built using the Ruby programming language (without Rails).
Our JSON REST API's are built in Ruby as well using the Sinatra lightweight framework. This (and the scrapers) is where we anticipate you'll be working most of the time.
We deploy code using Concourse as a CI/CD pipeline to build Docker images deployed on a Kubernetes cluster hosted on AWS. 
We also have several Python services, mainly to run ML models developed by our data scientists.
We monitor everything using Prometheus and Grafana to visualize time series and metrics in an efficient manner.
We follow an agile development process inspired by SCRUM, but adapted to our needs.


Requirements
What we expect from you:

Bachelor or master's degree in computer science or engineering
5+ years of experience writing backend code
Creating database schemas (design data models, not only writing SQL queries) that represent and support business processes
Data migration, transformation, and scripting doesn't scare you
Experience with AWS / Kubernetes / Docker is a plus
Bonus points

GitHub profile or link to open source work
Full-stack experience
You love food! 


What's in it for you?

1. We care about you

An exciting and fast-growing company with a people-first culture. “Diversity” and “work-life balance” are not just buzzwords at AppTweak.

Flexibility in your work and opportunities for continuous learning and creative thinking.

Supportive and collaborative environment focused on personal growth.

Hybrid office/work from home policy.

20 paid holidays per year + 12 days RTT on top of the fundamentals (meal vouchers, annual “éco-chèques”, hospitalization & group insurance, end-of-the-year bonus, etc.)

Fresh fruits, nuts, and snacks self-serve in the office.

1 volunteering day every quarter dedicated to helping a Brussels-based organization.

Chance to discover new food recipes, because yes, we love food!

2. An inspiring environment

Chance to connect with a variety of high-profile apps and games across different verticals.

A unique company culture based on 4 values: Learn, Play, Perform, Friendly.

A diverse team within a flat hierarchy. Altogether we speak more than 15 languages.

Bi-yearly company-wide team building in Europe to meet your colleagues from all over the world.

A combination of personal and company growth to accelerate your career and help you reach your goals.

Regular general team meetings and demo days to make sure everyone is aligned with AppTweak's growth path, mission and vision.

Salary depending on the profile: from 42k€ up to 70k€ annual gross (+ 6% and 17% of the value of the salary in benefits)