Working for Mercedes-Benz Customer Assistance Center means working in Maastricht, the Netherlands.

If you would like to work for a dynamic, interesting and growing business, where you can apply your technical and analytical skills freely, we are the right choice.

Besides fun (yet demanding) topics, we have tons of other things to offer; we are energetic, humorous and super supportive. So welcome onboard!


About us

Mercedes-Benz are well recognized as industry leaders in luxury service and high quality products, pushing the meaning of automobile excellence to new boundaries. You can trace the timeline of Mercedes-Benz all the way back to 1885 when Karl Benz invented the first automobile - cementing Mercedes-Benz a place in history.

We know what you’re thinking, over 100 years is a long time to be in the business. So what’s our secret? We constantly strive to find ways to balance tradition with innovation. Mercedes-Benz Customer Assistance Center, Maastricht is no exception. For the last 20 years our aim has been to provide the best quality customer service not only in Europe but all around the world. But maintaining these standards would not be possible without all of the talented and motivated colleagues that contribute to the success of our company. That is why we are always looking for bright new sparks to join us. If that could be you, read on!


Where will you work?

The Diagnostic Helpdesk (DHD) 1st level team is the first point of contact for delivering worldwide support in relation to tools, processes and licenses for onboard diagnosis software within the areas of the Mercedes-Benz Group. Your role is to support the users with issues occurring while using the platforms and/or to provide information about the products and their functionalities.


What are your tasks & responsibilities?

Handle incoming work (phone calls, email, tickets) from B2B customers and respond to the queries in a timely and professional manner
Analyze and investigate issues making use of acquired knowledge and available tools
Provide information and assistance in regards to tools (web applications) and processes; investigate reported problems
Forward requests to 2nd level if needed and liaise with n-levels for resolution of complex topics
Accurately document work related activities in the relevant ticketing system according to established policies and procedures
If necessary, coordinate with internal/external stakeholders to resolve complex enquiries and complaints related to the scope of support
Ensure all areas of personal responsibility are handled promptly, accurately, and with outstanding customer service
Whether required, perform other duties and responsibilities as assigned

Who are you?

Strong analytical skills
Strong affinity with IT - Computer literate
Strong ownership and understanding of the impact and consequences that own/team actions have on customer satisfaction
Excellent proficiency in German and in English (corporate language)
Strong skills and advanced experience in customer support and problem solving
Highly adaptable to changing business requirements
Ability to anticipate on upcoming issues and in finding solutions
‘Can-do’ and proactive attitude
Open communication style, including ability to give and receive feedback.
Completed vocational education or equivalent work experience and abilities
Strong communication skills (B2B & B2C), both written and verbal

What can we offer you?

We offer you a job in a multicultural, dynamic and informal international working environment with interesting conditions, both primary and secondary:


Lucrative relocation package. If applicable, you will also be reimbursed for first arrival, housing fee, and moving costs.
200 vacation hours (based on full time employment)
Holiday allowance: 8% of annual salary
Competitive performance based salary growth
Company result oriented bonuses
Employee Car Program: discount on new or used Daimler brand cars
Collective health insurance at discounted rates
Pension plan
Transportation plan: free bike every 3 years or; free public transport or; contribution to fuel costs
A “tailor made” individual development plan

Opening hours Monday to Friday, between 06:00 -20:00.

Full time job 40hrs/week.


Are you in for change?

Please use the “apply” button to upload your CV and Letter of Motivation (English only) and any other documentation that adds value to your application.


Due to data privacy reasons we cannot accept any applications sent by email. Please be so kind to use the link provided.